August 12th the screeching outside 
seems to have died down, I wonder 
if they finally wandered off.  
Nearly two weeks ago a devastating 
virus spread like wildfire across 
the country.  The virus is spread 
from human to human and begins by 
activating the persons adrenal 
glands.  At first the victim feels 
great, more alert, stronger, filled
with more life than ever before.  
That is until they realize that the
high, they are feeling never stops.
As the adrenaline continues to 
course anxiety, insomnia, and 
injuries quickly ensue.  After 
about 5 days of no sleep and 
relentless anxiety, paranoia, and 
depression begin to develop.  After
11 days the symptoms seem to reach 
their full potential and most that 
are infected will die without 
medical assistance.  Most died as a
result of strokes, heart attacks,