or simply collapsed in the streets 
from exhaustion.  After 11 days 
hallucinations, and manic paranoia 
nearly consume every aspect of the 
individual’s existence.  I can’t 
even imagine what they think they 
see and hear.  Some scream and 
swing their arms wildly in the air 
attacking nothing, while others 
wander the streets growling like 
animals; attacking anything that 
moves, and others just hide in 
alleys weeping hysterically then 
run away screaming when they see 
you.  Thanks to the quick response
of the CDC we only lost the east 
coast and a handful of cities’ 
pot-marked across the nation.  The 
citizens in the infected cities 
were quickly arrested or executed 
if they resisted.  But the coast 
was a different story.  Because of 
the size of the area and massive 
population of potentially infected 